Remove memory bank docs and add redirects (#5621)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: apps/kilocode-docs/pages/code-with-ai/agents/free-and-budget-models.md

@src/components/UserProfile.tsx:45-67
```

**Reuse context effectively:**

> - Keep key project notes in your repository (e.g., a README or docs folder)

Author: ```suggestion
- Keep key project notes in your repository (e.g., a AGENTS.md or docs folder)
```
